Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
♪
[Static]
-Friends. it's easy.
Send a check or money order
to the address
on the bottom of your screen.
and our church will continue
to preach the Lord's...
[Static]
Let's pray together.
Lord Jesus.
Lord Jesus. we pray.
We pray that you will stay
in our hearts.
We pray that you would...
[Static]
[Coughs]
Oh. God! God!
God...
Where am I?
What is this place?
What is this?
Through the power
of God Almighty.
I judge the wicked
of this Earth.
The sinners. the Satanists.
the sexual deviants.
I cast them out of my life!
[Stammering]
Is this some kind of a --
Is this a prank?
Huh?!
Is this a joke?!
The hell's going on here?!
What are you doin'?!
Okay. Come on out!
The wages of sin is death.
Let the sinners...
Oh. let them descend
into the pit of hell.
Push them in!
No! Enough here!
I didn't do anything!
I spread His word!
What is this?!
[Loud bang]
-Kneel.
and prepare your testimony.
-I didn't --
I didn't do anything.
I did everything for Him.
A small donation is all I ask.
Can we even
put a price on salvation?
Alright. that's it!
I have not done anything!
I brought God to the world!
I am not a sinner!
I am not a fornicator!
Or a junkie!
I am righteous!
Look. people --
people need me!
-Abomination.
The day of reckoning comes.
-No. no. no.
No.
I -- did everything He said.
I did it all for Him.
-Kneel.
-Oh. no.
-And your destruction
shall not be delayed.
-No. no. no. no!
No!
N-o-o-o-o!
♪
[Rock music plays]
-♪ Whoa. oh. oh oh oh ♪
♪
♪ You want it all
but don't want to take it away ♪
♪ Ooh.
you could throw the ball... ♪
[Ringing]
-Hey.
Yeah. it's me.
Yeah. No. no. no.
I'm in a phone booth.
Everything's fine.
No.
Hey. listen. I --
I had to pick up
an extra shift today.
Yeah. Can you --
Can you just do me
a favor. please?
Yes. exactly.
Right when he gets home.
Okay.
Yeah. Thank you.
I'm one of the --
Hello?
[Dial tone]
You there?
[Banging]
You know. Sally. it's way
too hot for your bullshit today.
-Yeah. the heat certainly does
remind you of something.
doesn't it?
-Oh. yeah. it does remind me.
I gotta shit.
-[Scoffs]
You.
You. Angie Pitarelli --
you poison our men
in your booth of sin.
You corrupt their desires.
-Oh. your men?
Are you sure that you
and the rest of
the Decency League here
really want them. Sals?
I mean. have you seen men?
-You make your little jokes.
but you're all alone
in this world. aren't you?
Why won't you take
Jesus into your life?
Why won't you repent
and accept His love?
Is Satan prohibiting you
from seeing the light?
-You know. your little
holy hissy fit
isn't drawing the news crews
and the photographers
like it used to. Sal.
so maybe you should
try something different.
Maybe. uh...
give them a little show.
-Harlot!
-[Chuckles]
-Satan has you.
and you refuse to see the truth.
Judgment comes to wipe
your stain from the world.
-Trust me. Sals.
stains coming out of my booth
ain't from me.
[Grunting loudly]
Gugh!
-You are a foul person!
-Oh. my God.
Thank you so much.
-♪ You're a saint and sinner ♪
♪ Whoa-oh ♪
♪ There ain't no winner ♪
♪ The face of the other ♪
♪ Whoa-oh ♪
Ray?
Ray!
-Okay. okay.
Hold on a goddamn minute.
Andy Pete.
my Employee of the Month.
Sorry to keep you waiting.
sweetheart.
I had to find myself some new.
uh. reference material.
Got to keep up
with the trends. you know?
-Oh. so that's
what's keeping you
from kicking the crazies
off the street
and bringing in
paying customers.
Market analysis?
-Tell you what.
I did some research.
and I think I found out
what your problem is.
-Oh. this'll be good.
-No. no.
Bear with me.
Check this out.
You see. what's in right now
is big old.
juicy. voluptuous titties.
and these little bitty.
tight. cute little asses.
And. you know. you're kind of.
like -- like. the opposite.
You're like an upside down
version of a Christy Canyon.
Well. hold on now. hold on now.
I'm just saying it
because I love you.
-One booth.
-Girl. how many extra shifts
you gonna take this week?
You spin around in that chair
too much more.
you're gonna get calluses
all over your ass.
-Yeah. well. it's that
or break my neck.
Mama needs new sneakers.
-All right. fine.
You're on till midnight.
precious.
Booth number three.
And regardless
of that fat ass of yours.
we. uh --
we should be pretty busy.
That low-rent
Tammy Faye out there.
oh. man.
she's great advertisement.
Besides. we're the only spot on
the block with air-conditioning.
-Still smells like balls
in here.
-Aww.
Thank you for noticing.
[Mock laughs]
-You know. uh.
while you're at it.
can you try to smile
a little bit?
-Yeah.
-And maybe try to be
a little less aggressive.
-Oh.
-Well. you've been
scaring the customers.
-Oh.
-Really? See. that's called
aggressive behavior.
[Sighs]
[Door creaks]
[Key rattles.
lock clicks]
[Door knob rattling]
-[Sighs]
Ray. the goddamn door
won't open again.
-Yeah. yeah. I'm coming.
-Sometime this year.
Well?
-How about a "please"?
-Jesus Christ. Ray.
You know. I've got the
Uptight Butthole League
in my face.
I've got you looking
for motivation to do your job.
Can I just get to work...
please?
[Door knob rattling]
-[Grunts]
Unh!
[Coughs]
Now. was that so hard?
-I thought you said you were
gonna fix that
fucking floorboard anyway.
-I thought I did. too.
-Thanks. Ray.
You're a peach.
You're welcome.
[Sighs]
♪
[Sirens wailing]
-Hello. precious.
-♪ As he takes from me
my last breath ♪
♪ Inhale ♪
♪ I'm picking up the scent ♪
♪
♪ What a hell of a feeling ♪
♪ It is dark all day ♪
♪ But there is something
in the sky that glows ♪
♪ What a hell of a feeling ♪
♪ With such a brilliant mind ♪
♪ Can you feel those chemicals
in the air tonight ♪
♪ I will see you on
the other side ♪
♪ I am your night girl.
rip my heart out ♪
♪ Darkness falling yet another
night ♪
♪ Come on. Lost Boys.
let's stay alive ♪
♪
[Thunder rumbling]
[Thunder crashing]
♪ Let's fly ♪
♪
♪ Darkness falling yet
another night ♪
♪ Come on. Lost Boys.
let's stay alive ♪
♪ Goodnight. my Lost Boys ♪
♪ Thou shall not fear ♪
[Sirens wailing]
♪ Goodnight. my sweetheart ♪
-Ray.
I'm not doing this for fun.
you know?
You want to at least
try to pull in some customers?
Fuck's sake.
Amateur hour.
-Well. maybe if you dance
to something other than that
dentist drill music shit.
-[Sighs]
-You know. maybe try. like.
some of that --
some Stevie B or some of that
new booty shaking stuff
they got going around.
You know what I'm saying?
Alright. fine.
[Indistinct yelling.
pounding on door]
Gotta do everything around here
myself.
[Door rattling]
[Screaming]
One at a time!
[Indistinct talking]
I cannot understand
a single word --
I don't give a shit.
That's it. Out.
Get the fuck out.
all y'all.
Whoa. whoa. hold up now!
Get back! Get back!
Everybody. get --
[Thunder crashes]
[Crowbar clatters]
What the fuck?
Whoa!
-[Scoffs]
Up yours too. Ray.
[Sighs]
[Thunder crashes]
[Radio static]
-...the power of God almighty.
I judge the wicked...
-Shut the fuck up.
-...the sexual deviants.
I cast them out of my life
and I urge you.
my precious flock.
to do the same.
They'll burn.
They'll burn!
They will all burn
in the fires...
-That's fuckin' weird.
Shit!
[Loud thump]
Ooh!
[Breathing heavily]
♪
Ray?
What the hell
is going on out there?
[Clattering]
Ray?
Ray. Come on. man.
Stop messing around.
Okay?
Just turn on the light.
Ray?
Turn on the light. man.
This isn't funny.
Say something.
[Screams]
Oh. my God!
Oh. my God. Ray!
Ray. who did this to you?!
Oh. my God! Are you okay?!
-[Gurgling. choking]
-[Breathing heavily]
♪
[Screams]
Oh!
Oh. fuck. no. Unh-uh.
Oh. my God. Fuck.
♪
Fuck. fuck. fuck.
[Door clicks]
Come on. Come on. Come on.
[Grunting]
Come on!
God damn it. Ray!
Okay. Okay. Okay.
Think. Angie.
Think. Angie. Think.
Think. Think.
Okay.
Does it slide?
Okay. okay. Oh. I am not dying
in a peep show booth.
Okay.
♪
Okay. okay.
Alright. Okay.
Come on. come on. come on.
Come on. baby.
Fuck!
[Sobbing]
I can't be stuck here.
God. I can't be trapped in here.
I can't be trapped in here.
Please.
-This is it.
This is the end of everything.
-You're shitting me.
-Sally?
-Things in the sky.
Men and women
turning on each other.
tearing each other's skin with
their teeth and their nails.
-What the hell
is happening out there?
It's the end of the world.
The final judgment.
just like in the Bible.
-Jesus Christ. Sally.
Can we leave the brainwash
brigade behind for five seconds?
Come on.
-No.
Their eyes -- eyes like snakes.
and their voices --
screams from below.
cries for --
-Stop. All right?
This is not
your end times bullshit.
This is just some shit
a syphilitic monk
wrote thousands of years ago
to keep people
from fucking their sisters
and eating rotten shellfish.
All right? And if there is some
weird shit going on out there.
I'd put my money on the Russians
before anything else.
-[Chuckles]
I can't believe it.
It is the hour of our reckoning.
and I have to spend it with you?
-Wow. You go from crying about
the end times
to being a judgmental bitch
in no time flat. don't you?
-Oh. poor little stripper.
You are responsible
for all of this.
You and --
and the Satanists.
and don't even get me
started on the homosexuals.
You have paved the road
for Lucifer himself
to stomp his cloven hooves
right up to our doorstep.
-What the hell are you
even talking about?
-The Book of Revelation
is happening
right here. right now.
Do you know what that means?
No. Of course you don't.
If it wasn't covered
in your liberal news media.
you didn't hear a word of it.
It means the rapture is coming.
It means that people like me.
we are going to be welcomed
into Christ's embrace.
And people like you --
well. while you are enjoying
an eternity of hell on earth.
remember that I tried
to warn you.
-Oh. yeah. So why are you crying
in a peep show
rather than lined up
at the pearly gates?
-Like you know anything
about the ways of God!
He is going to call my name
and I am going to be taken home.
You'll see.
-Yeah. I don't think I will.
Revelations or not.
I'm not dying in here.
Not when my man needs me.
-Did you not hear me?
The streets
are running with blood.
And if your man is anything like
you. I guarantee --
-You say one more word
and I'll be sending you to Jesus
in little bitty pieces.
You got me?
We got to find
a way out of here.
We can't just sit here sweating
our asses off.
waiting for whatever's out there
to come in here.
-There's no "we" here.
Anywhere you go.
all you're going
to find is hell.
The Earth shall be swallowed up
in demon filled caverns.
-That's it. Caverns.
This place. this whole building.
it was a speakeasy
during Prohibition.
-What a surprise.
-Which means we're probably
standing right on
top of old bootlegger tunnels.
That's probably why this floor
is a warped piece of shit.
If we can get down there.
we can get anywhere in the city.
[Grunts]
Okay. Sally. get your
self-righteous ass over here
and help me lift
this floorboard.
-Um...no.
-Oh. come on.
Let your last act
be one of salvation.
Save my sinning.
fornicating. harlot ass.
Maybe it'll jump you up a few
spots on God's waiting list.
-Fine. Fine. I'll help you.
But I am not going with you.
-Oh. no. Sally.
Please stay by my side.
I'll miss you ever so much.
♪
You want to open up?
[Pounds on door]
-Ah. shit.
That's right.
The floorboard over there.
it's all warped
and blocking the door.
Well. wait a minute.
I got an idea.
Okay.
Grab on of the door handle.
On the count of three.
we are going to lift up
and open the door toward me.
You got it?
-[Scoffs] There's no way
that's going to work.
How did you even get in here?
-Don't worry about that. okay?
Just shut up and lift.
On one. two. three.
[Grunting]
Are you even lifting?
-Yes.
-[Grunting]
-We're not even close.
-All right. Okay. All right.
Let's try again.
Ready?
One. two. three.
Fuck.
-Pull!
-God damn it. I'm trying!
Shit! It's stuck.
Fuck. Fuck!
♪
[Exhales sharply]
-What are you doing over there?
Angie. Angie.
this is hard plastic.
It's not glass.
It's not gonna break.
♪
-[Grunts]
I figured it was worth a shot.
-Suit yourself.
-[Sighs]
-Angie?
Are you --
Is everything all right?
Angie?
Sally. Look up.
Is there a vent in the ceiling?
-There is. Why?
-Because I want you to turn
your chair on its side.
shimmy your way up there.
crawl inside the vent.
get over here.
and then we'll get the fuck out.
-[Chuckles]
You want me to touch
this stripper chair?
Lord knows what parts
of your body have touched this.
-I'll make it easy
for you. Sals.
All of them. Every single one.
-I won't. I won't.
[Loud thump]
Yeah. Okay. Okay. Yeah.
♪
- How's it coming over there?
-I'm at the vent. I just --
The cover. it -- it won't budge.
Maybe the screws...
Come on. Come on.
Come on.
Dang it!
Looks like you didn't even break
a nail. Come on.
Get that shit open. or
we're never getting out of here.
-No. you're never going to get
out of here.
I am not the one
that is trapped in here.
I am going to be --
-Oh! Yes! We all know. Sally.
You are going to be lifted up
to your paradise in the sky
on some magical cloud.
because your paradise on earth
wasn't good enough.
-What's that supposed to mean?
-It means it must be really nice
to have the time and ability
to devote your life
to ruining someone else's.
Look around you.
you stuck-up bitch.
Do you think that this is
what I aspired to?
Do you think
this is what I dreamt of?
-Yeah. well. we all make
choices.
-Yeah. And I made mine.
And I like what I do.
The one thing I don't like
is being shamed for it.
especially by the one person
who is so hot to save my soul.
but can't be bothered
to save me from dying
in a fucking peep show booth!
Aah!
[Shatters]
-Hey. watch it.
-Sally.
Forget everything I just said.
We can do this.
We can make this work.
-Make what work?
-A hundred times.
I told Ray.
"Finish this stupid wall.
I'm tired of looking at it."
You know what he said?
"Customer ain't here to look at
no wall."
-Angie.
Angie. what are you doing?
-Well. Ray. for once. your cheap
ass did me a solid.
-I-I think we'll be safer here.
-[Grunts]
-Ah!
[Laughs]
Oh. fuck. Oh. I knew it.
Okay. so if we can clear
all this shit out of here.
you can shimmy
your skinny. sweatin'-to-the-
oldies ass over to my booth.
we can get out of here.
-I don't know.
-Listen. I don't know much
about eternal reward.
and I don't know
what kind of person you are.
Not really. But I am asking you.
please.
do not leave me alone
to die in here.
♪
-Okay.
-Yes. Okay. Okay.
♪
Come on.
[Grunting]
♪
How's it coming on your side?
-Well. there's no way we're
going to get this board to move.
-Oh. shit.
-Wait. Wait. wait.
Um. there was a crowbar.
I saw a crowbar lying
on the ground on my way in.
-Well. go. Get that shit.
-Uh. it-- it's really dark
out there.
-Sally.
-Okay. Okay.
Okay.
♪
-Sal? What the hell is going on
out there? Sometime today?
[Screaming. pounding]
♪
-[Gasps]
-Hey. Hey. hey.
Ray. Ray.
This is what you want. right?
Me.
all of yourself?
No customers.
No talk of my man.
Just the two of us.
You know you watch me. Ray.
I can feel your eyes on me.
Hit him. Hit him now.
It's okay. Ray.
It's just us.
You can watch me
all you want to now.
What are you waiting for?
There's no one else here.
You can do all the things
you want to.
Sally. do it!
Jesus Christ!
-Oh. my God!
[Grunting]
[Crowbar impacting]
♪
[Breathing heavily]
-Wait. wait. wait. wait. wait.
wait. We need that crowbar.
-No. no. no. no. no.
Please. I --
-I know. I know. It's okay.
-It's okay.
-I-I-I don't think I can.
-You can do it. You can do it.
Like --
Like pulling off a Band-Aid.
It's okay.
Take a deep breath.
♪
-[Grunts]
[Breathing shakily]
♪
-Hey. Hey. Sals.
you okay?
-I don't want to talk about it.
-Yeah.
Yeah. okay.
Why don't you hand me
the crowbar
and I'll do the rest?
Right.
Right. Just a bit of blood.
As long as it's not our blood.
that's what matters. right?
Here we go.
Yes! Oh! Love it!
God! Ray!
Okay. Uh. so that should work.
And...
-Oh.
-Slide on through.
Just watch out
for the loose nails
and staples and shit.
-I better not get stuck in here.
-You won't. I'm right here.
-[Sighs]
-That's it.
Easy. Easy.
[Thunder rumbles]
-Ow.
-Okay. Okay.
-You got it?
-Yeah.
-Okay.
-Okay. pull.
-I got it. Okay.
Keep going.
Almost there. Almost there.
Okay. Okay.
-What now?
-Keep moving. Just keep moving.
-[Grunting]
-You closed your door. right?
Okay. come on.
It's okay. It's okay.
Just keep moving. You're almost
there. You're almost there.
You're almost there.
Come on.
-[Grunts]
-You got it. Almost.
Come on. There you go.
There you go.
-[Breathing shakily]
-Oh. my God. Cold.
Oh. my God. Angie. Angie.
there's something on me!
-Okay. okay. you're almost
there. you're almost there.
-Oh. my God. Angie. Angie.
something's on me!
Something's on me!
Something's pulling!
Oh. my God!
-It's okay. Calm down.
It's okay.
Come on. Keep going.
You're almost there.
It's okay.
You're almost through.
It's alright. Don't worry
You're almost there.
You're almost there. It's okay.
-[Breathing shakily]
-Shit.
-[Screeches]
-What the fuck?
♪
-Come on. Angie.
-[Coughing]
[Grunts]
Aah!
[Grunting]
[Breathing heavily]
-Still stuck. Still stuck.
-Oh. Okay.
-[Grunts]
-[Hissing]
-It's still alive! Fuck!
-Quick!
-Oh. my God.
How is that fucking snake
still alive?
-It's not a snake. Angie.
It's a demon. An unclean spirit.
Just like the adversary
in the Garden of Eden.
"And the Great Dragon
was thrown down.
that ancient serpent who is
called the devil and Satan.
the deceiver of the whole
world."
He was thrown down to the earth
and his angels
were thrown down with him.
Now do you believe me?
-I believe you've actually read
that big-ass book.
Now. come on. let's get to work
before.uh. slimy over there
decides to come back
into our booth.
-You think I'm actually afraid
of that hellspawn?
My inner light
gives me strength.
It can come from me all at once.
I can't be compromised.
But when it entered you --
-Jesus. do you ever stop?
I mean. look at us.
Look at where we are.
Are you really that insecure?
I mean. one minute
you're telling me
what a piece of trash I am.
and the next. you're clambering
all over yourself
to tell me how much better
you are than me.
Just shut up already
and help me pull.
♪
-[Grunts]
-Fuck.
-You know. I never said
I was better than you.
I just
wanted to help.
That's why I started
the --the protests
and -- and the league.
because I-I thought
maybe I could help somebody.
Turns out. shouting at people
is a lot easier
than actually talking
to them.
-You know. Sals.
It's been a long time
since Catholic school.
but I'm pretty sure
no one ascended to sainthood
climbing on the backs
of anybody else.
What I mean is maybe instead of
going around
telling everybody else
how to live their lives.
you should get
a little comfortable
with your own life first.
-What are you trying to say?
-I'm saying --
I'm saying that usually
the people
who are running around shouting
about how they've got it
all figured out
are usually the ones
who are the most lost.
♪
[Grunting]
[Laughs]
Take that. you piece of shit
Revealers Bookstore.
I am leaving and I
am never coming back.
-Hey. Angie. I don't want
to ruin your moment.
but we're not going
anywhere yet.
-Are you kidding me?
What else? Hmm?
What other crazy.
messed-up shit
do I have
to deal with in a single day?
[Loud tone]
-Ah! [Breathing shakily]
-It's the first horn blow.
The first of seven.
Listen. It's okay. Listen.
Do you hear that?
Hail. fire. and blood will rain
down from the sky.
The destruction is imaginable.
After that. the trumpet.
Soon. the mountains will erupt
with fire
and all the water
will be poisonous.
-Sally?
You still with me?
-This is the end.
Angie Pitarelli.
You thought Hell was a joke?
You thought Hell wasn't real?
Think again.
-Sally. I'm gonna need you to
back off of me now.
-Hell is coming for you.
It is coming for everyone.
and all of your sins
and all of your judgments --
oh. how you're gonna pay.
-Sally. stop it. All right?
I don't want to hear anymore.
-Why?
You still think you're going
to make it to your man?
And what are his sins. Angie?
Hmm?
-Sally. whatever you are.
I'm warning you.
-What is he?
A junkie?
A sexual deviant?
Whatever he is. a reckoning will
come for him all the same.
It will come
and it will feast on his --
[Grunts]
Ah.
[Groaning]
You -- You punched me in --
in my --
-Twat?
Go ahead and say it.
Dudley Do-Right.
I punched you
right in your dusty twat.
-Oh. my lady bits hurt.
What was that for?
-To snap you out of it.
You're lucky a cooz bruise
is all you got.
Still want to stick around.
or do you want to get
the hell out of here?
Hmm?
[Grunting]
♪
[Rattling. creaking]
[Rumbling]
-Where are you?
-David?
David. baby. is that you?
-Angie.
-David. where are you?
-Please. I need you.
I'm so scared.
-I know. baby. it's okay.
I'm right here.
-Angie. Angie.
-It's okay.
-Auntie. where are you?
-David. Auntie's here.
How did --
How did you get here?
-There's something out there.
-Baby. it's okay.
Just...
David. where are you?
-It's so dark.
-Come closer to the glass. okay?
I can't see you.
Just -- Just come over here.
Auntie's here. okay?
-Please. I need you.
-David?
I know. Auntie's here.
It's okay.
Okay? David?
-Where are you. Auntie?
-Shit. Fuck.
Ah.
[Screams]
Fuck! What the fuck?!
-Kneel before Ashmedai.
♪
[Loud tone]
-[Screaming]
That sound.
Oh. it's like
I hear it in my heart.
-I know. I know.
The trumpet is out there
and he is in here.
-What the fuck was that?
-Ashmedai.
In Jewish legend. he is the
demon prince of lust.
To his worshipers.
the "Dungeons & Dragons" players
and heavy metal musicians.
he's Asmodeus.
the creature of judgment.
-Well. to hell with him
and his judgment.
Fucking...ass. Mode-ass.
Let's go.
-Okay.
[Grunting]
♪
-Okay. Okay. Okay.
You got it.
Easy. easy. easy.
-[Loud roar]
♪
-Wait. wait. wait.
We need the flashlight.
-Oh. you've got to be
fucking kidding me.
♪
-[Roars]
Reckoning. girls.
[Speaking indistinctly]
-Fuck you!
-What?
Angie. he's the king of demons.
I don't think
we should piss him off.
-Yeah.
he's still a fucking asshole.
[Loud tone]
-It's the third trumpet.
The star of Wormwood
has fallen from the heavens.
-I take it that's not
the all-clear sign?
-All the water across
the entire planet is poisonous.
Okay? Everybody
who drinks it will die.
-Great. More good news.
We got to get out of here.
-Okay. uh. let's go this way.
-Ah. fuck.
Come on.
Come on. come on. come on.
It's okay.
♪
-Wow.
This is pleasant.
-Well. if you want to try your
luck finding a minivan
above ground. be my guest.
-Angie. Oh. my God.
This is really bad.
-Yeah. must have snagged it on a
nail or something.
-I mean. you're going
to need stitches.
-It'll be okay.
Don't worry about it.
-Here. Hold this.
-Okay.
[Fabric ripping]
Damn. Sally.
You got some good looking gams.
You could have made a mint
in that booth.
-Disgusting.
Hold still.
-[Grunts]
-Okay.
Okay?
-Thanks.
Let's keep going.
-Okay.
♪
-So. um...
David.
I take it he's your man?
-Not much of a man. really.
He's 12 years old.
-Oh. so. you're his aunt?
-Yeah.
And his guardian. but
like. not his legal guardian.
-Why not?
-Because Social Services
would rather see him end up
in some shithole than
and look for someone like me.
[Sighs]
My brother had David when he was
young and dumb
and got pinched for
armed robbery.
And David's mom
fell in with the wrong crowd
and became a junkie
almost overnight.
So. the kid had no one.
He was all alone.
In comes me.
the knight
in a shining G-string.
-I'm sorry. I-I didn't know.
-Don't be.
David and I
have this thing where
every day as he gets home
from school.
I'm there waiting. right at the
front door as he's walking up.
I figure he's probably got
issues with people leaving him.
You know? So. I just want
to help -- help him feel safe.
♪
[Sighs]
You know. raising that kid
does make me feel
like I am not entirely
a fuck up.
that I am doing something
right for once in my life.
Then again.
maybe you're right.
I mean. let's face it.
that's not exactly Saint Peter
chasing me down right now.
-Yeah. well. in case you
haven't noticed. I'm still here.
You know? And at least you.
um --
you actually lived your life.
I'm pretty sure I let mine slip
right through my fingers.
-Look.
My whole life.
I've been told that
everything I do
is wrong in some way.
And that I'm not good enough.
All I'm saying is.
just don't do that to yourself.
okay?
Not even --
Not even for the big guy.
-I am weirdly moved.
-Yeah.
Well. dry your eyes.
We've got to figure that out.
[Sighs]
-I thought you knew
where we were going.
-No. I said I knew
there were tunnels down here.
I'm not a C.H.U.D.. okay?
I don't know the ins and outs
of a subterranean city.
And you have no idea
what a C.H.U.D. is.
Okay. You know what?
Excuse me for splurging on HBO.
It seemed like
a better investment
at the time than sneakers.
-Angie!
-Right. Okay. so.
one of these goes to the river
and the other one goes...
somewhere else.
-So. we've got...
door number one...
...door number two.
Door number one.
That tunnel. that tunnel.
that tunnel. that tunnel!
♪
I think we lost it.
-Yeah. for now.
-Angie. Angie.
How much longer can
we keep this up?
I mean. Asmodeus. he --
It's only a matter of time.
-No. no. don't talk like that.
Don't even think like that.
Okay?
We're going to figure this out.
♪
-Come here.
What's here?
-Holy shit.
-What is it?
-Here.
Work on that.
-Sure. yeah.
I'll just use my spare kerosene.
♪
-[Blows air]
Huh.
[Chuckles]
Look at that.
I think...
I think this could be
our way out of here.
Okay. so if we just
came from there.
that puts Revealers
probably right about there-ish.
Yeah.
So. if we continue that way...
That way.
Yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah.
Then we can go there and then.
Great. yeah. yeah.
No. this-- this'll work.
I feel good about this.
Okay. yeah. let's go.
♪
Ah-ha! Another fork.
just like the map says.
-Or it could be a coincidence.
I mean. who drew this map?
How old is it?
-The rum runners. or --
is that what they were called?
I don't know.
Do you have a better plan?
Let's see.
Okay. So if we follow that fork
over there to the right.
then it'll take us here
and there.
A couple of twists and turns.
and then.
boom. we're at the river.
-Wait a second. Wait a second.
We've got to be right about
Wilson and Sawyer.
So actually -- actually.
if we take the fork to the left.
it'll take us
right to St. Augustine Church.
-And?
-Angie. think about it.
If you make it to the river.
what are you going to do?
-Go to David. and then.
I don't know. Canada?
Things are probably
better there. right?
Come on. It worked in
"Red Dawn". I don't know.
As long as I have
David. it doesn't matter.
I'll figure it out from there.
-Come with me. Okay?
Maybe there's still time for us.
For both of us.
And if anything else.
it's a house of God.
We'll at least be safe there.
And then you can figure out
how to get to David from there.
And you can repent and be saved.
-Sally. there is nothing for you
at that church.
Do you understand that?
You've given so much.
and from what I can tell.
you've really tried
to be a good person.
But if your number hasn't been
called by now --
-I can't.
The river is poisoned.
The entire world
is probably in flames. Okay?
St. Augustine
wrote the book "The City of
God".
Okay? It's not a coincidence.
It's a sign.
-David --
-That is where
we're supposed to be.
-I have to get to David.
-David is already --
-No. He is waiting for me.
He knows I always wait for him.
Always.
♪
-So. I guess this is it. then.
-This is it.
-Wait.
♪
-What are you doing. you weirdo?
-Just -- one second.
You need these more than me.
Okay?
I'm not going as far.
♪
-Good luck. Angie.
I mean it.
♪
-Here. Take this.
Come on. You're a better shot
than me anyway.
♪
Wait. wait. Wait.
Damn it. this doesn't
make any sense.
Shit.
Shit. shit.
[Clattering]
Sally? Is that you?
Sally?
If this is a joke. man.
okay. it's -- it's really.
really not funny.
Sal?
Fuck.
Come on.
[Gasps]
[Hissing]
♪
The hell?
Shit.
-Yea. though I walk through the
valley of the shadow of death...
♪
...I fear no evil.
for You are with me.
You --
[Rattling]
Your rod and Your
staff. they comfort me.
[Loud thump]
Angie?
-Judge not and ye shall not
be judged.
-Where are you?!
-Sally Mewbourne.
It is...time.
-I am not --
I am not afraid!
-[Roars]
-Ah!
[Breathing heavily]
Ah! Oh. my God!
[Hissing]
Oh. my God.
[Whimpering]
♪
[Choking. gasping]
-[Grunting]
We're even.
[Grunting]
-[Hisses]
♪
-Do none of that!
-Let's keep bashing
their fucking heads in.
[Door creaks]
This way. Come on.
Come on. Go. go.
[Door locks]
[Hissing]
-They don't want you.
They want me.
How can that be possible?
I've lived my whole life
like He was wanting.
-Sucks. doesn't it?
Judged all the time.
watched.
have someone sizing you up.
Welcome to my life.
-You know. I-I think
I know why I hate you. Angie.
It's not because you are
indecent or profane
or even because you're a sinner.
It's because -- It's because
of what you do in there.
In that booth.
What it makes me think.
You were writhing and dancing
and -- and your nude body.
-I get it. Sally.
You want to be me.
-What?
-God. no. Angie.
I don't want tobeyou.
-Wait. what are you saying?
-No. no. no.
Never mind. Just --
I don't even know what
I'm talking about. Forget it.
-Whoa. no. no. no.
I can't forget it.
I-I can't think
about anything else.
Sally Mewbourne of all people
is into girls?
-No. no. no. no.
But I don't want to be.
It's just -- It's always there.
And then when I look at you.
I think --
I just start
thinking these thoughts.
I don't -- I don't want to.
I don't want to think
those thoughts.
It's just always been there.
ever since --
ever since I was a little girl.
♪
There was --
There was this painting
in one of my textbooks
of Mary Magdalene.
She was...penitent.
holding her hand to her heart.
And she was --
she was holding her robe up.
just enough to cover her --
-Shh. shh.
-Come on. Let's go.
-What?
-Just in case.
♪
-So. let me get this straight.
This whole time you've been
telling me what a freak I am.
shouting at me...
-Like you don't have
the same unclean thoughts.
-Uh. no. Sals.
I am strictly dickly.
But I can't believe it.
This whole time.
you've been a secret dyke.
-You? Even you are going
to look at me like that?
I thought that
you were different.
-No. Sal. I...
-That's why
the demons want me.
-I am an abomination.
-Sally.
That's it. Those demon things.
They don't want you the moment
you stop lying to yourself.
[Loud tone]
-That's four.
Fourth trumpet.
-Darkness.
The moon and the sun
are extinguished.
-We got to get going. We're low
on batteries as it is.
-Angie. listen to me.
The fourth trumpet
is the final one
before the trumpet of woes.
-Seriously?
Haven't we had enough woe
for one day?
How much more woe do we need?
-The angels are coming.
And they're bringing the plagues
and the locusts
and the beasts and the devils.
[Rumbling]
-Auntie. where are you?
Please.
-Angie. it's not him.
-You think?
-You can run.
but you cannot escape.
All paths bring you to me.
All lead to judgment.
-Wait. wait.
Something doesn't feel right.
I think we've already been here.
-It doesn't matter.
All that matters is getting
as much space between us
and that fucking monster
as possible.
-No. we've been in this tunnel.
-That's impossible.
It's bullshit.
-Angie. Look.
[Door rattles]
-No. no. no. no. no. no!
We must've gotten turned out in
the dark. Shit!
Fuck.
[Rumbling]
♪
-Leave us alone!
[Rumbling]
♪
[Grunts]
-No. No. you're not taking her.  You're not --
Ah!
[Groaning]
[Gasps]
-You. Angie Pitarelli --
you poison our men
in your booth of sin.
You corrupt their desires.
Harlot!
Satan has you. but you refuse
to see the truth.
Judgment comes to wipe your
stink from the world.
-[Chuckles]
-No. no. no. no. no.
I don't want to be.
It's just --
It's always there.
And then when I look at you.
I think --
I just kept thinking these
thoughts.
I don't -- I don't want to.
I don't want to think
these thoughts.
It's just always there.
-[Roaring]
-Ever since I was a little girl.
-You neither saved me
nor judged me.
♪
Motherfucker wants to watch.
[Scoffs]
Hey! Hey.
you fucking creep.
Yeah. you think I'm not used to
people watching me. huh?
Well. listen to this.
Sally's gay.
She likes girls.
and. okay. maybe her calling me
out for my behavior
because she has a crush on me
is a bit hypocritical.
Not maybe. It is.
but it's not easy being her.
She feels one way and the world
tells her it's wrong.
That would mess anybody up.
You ask me.
this is the fault of that book
you keep quoting --
your Bible.
Maybe someone should have
proofread it a little better
so assholes don't have
justification to be bigots.
Or maybe issue
an amendment or two.
Is it really so much to ask?
It's 1987.
Who gives a shit?
She admitted what she is.
She said. "Fuck this big goddamn
lie. man."
And you know what?
She is cool.
She is punk as fuck.
And when this whole thing
is over.
I'm taking her out for tacos.
-[Choking]
-Witness. prepare your
testimony.
It is the time of reckoning.
-Yeah.
And I reckon
your mom must have had
a three way at a petting zoo.
-[Roars]
[Roars]
Who the fuck do you think you
are. motherfucker?
You think you get to judge me?
-You cannot escape me.
-You think I'm not judged every
day of my goddamn life?
You think I'm not sick
and tired of men
telling me to smile.
be less aggressive?
-One of you still judges.
-Here's your smile.
Fuck you.
and your boss. bitch!
-[Roars]
[Grunts]
-Sally Mewbourne stands in
judgment of you.
You are a harlot.
-Yeah. she's a harlot.
But she's also my friend.
[Grunts]
So. fuck you.
Ass-mode-ass.
-Are you okay?
-Sally Mewbourne. demon slayer.
-Yeah. well. that's why
you don't mess with my friends.
-I didn't judge you.
-Me. neither.
Ah! Angie!
[Screams]
-No! No!
Oh. Sally!
No. No.
You son of a bitch.
[Grunting]
Give me back my friend!
Oh. God! Oh!
[Sobbing]
♪
[Gasps]
What the hell happened?
-I-I don't know.
I was fighting it and he
screamed and just let go of me.
-Oh. shit.
-Angie. we only
bought ourselves some time.
I don't think
that thing can die.
-Well. I gave him some scars
to remember us by.
Let's get the fuck out of here.
♪
-I...
I need you to know that...
...in that room...
I said that you were the most
righteous person I've ever met.
-Thanks. Sals.
You're pretty damn
righteous yourself.
[Exhales sharply]
[Both laugh]
♪
-We're here.
-Wait.
This doesn't make sense.
St. Augustine
is a modern church.
Why would there be doors
underground?
-I don't know.
But this feels like
our sanctuary.
This is where
we're supposed to be.
David's already waiting.
I can feel it.
-"And the earth shall be
swallowed up
in demon filled caverns."
Angie...
what if the rest of the world
didn't..
-Didn't what?
What are you saying?
-No. No. Never mind.
I'm --
I'm being stupid. We did it.
We made it.
♪
-[Chuckles]
[Loud tone]
♪
[Gunship's "Cyber City"
playing]
Just bring me the storm
and I'll carry home
To the city of the Echo
And when Hell comes rolling in
Time won't lie
♪
♪ A cold. cold silver armed
embrace ♪
♪ You're so delicate.
you're so delicate ♪
♪ Lie down ♪
♪ You cut with your eyes.
you're undercover ♪
♪ The moment to bleed
and to discover ♪
♪ Footsteps in the rain ♪
♪ A calling ♪
♪ A killer ♪
♪
♪ Rest assured. assume it's not
over. not over. not not over ♪
♪ Just bring me the storm
and I'll carry home ♪
♪ To the city of the Echo ♪
♪